P1;What is your name?
P2;Are you a bro (True or False)?
P3;How long is your leg?
A1;Woken, by a distant clamor, you open your eyes to see that you are in an empty room. You can hear the deep rolling sound of thunder across the floor leading your eyes to a single door. What do you do?
A2;Upon further investigation you discover...nothing. A room is a room and this one is empty. What's next?
B;As you amble towards the door, you can hear whispers growing louder and louder. Your hand is on the handle of the door and the whispers sound as if they are right next to you. "Dont leave, please stay." The whispers continue, "This isnt the way it was meant to be..."
D;"Hello!" you shout - "Shhh...I hear a sound..." The whispers continue, "Who are you?" you ask. "Tell me it's true..." the whispers settle into whimpering. You suddenly feel your body again and struggle to open your eyes to once again see the world. A tiny voice much different from the whispers echos in your mind and hangs in the air. "...You have to return...eventually" - Sends you to the end screen then sends you to A.
C;You turn the knob and throw the door open causing a loud bang. The whispers immediately dissipate. You walk through the doorway and find yourself in a beautiful forest. The sun shining brightly upon your face. You turn to look back into the room and see a (man/woman) lying on the floor and familiar faces rushing to his/her side. How do you proceed?
E;The door slams in your face and disappears from existence. You hear the sound of music and turn back to face it. You notice a beaten path leading into the forest. You notice many footprints on the path, the same size as your own. Do you?
G;You sit quietly at the edge of the forest. You listen to the music as the sun goes down. You lay down to sleep and just as you are about to drift off you hear the whispers again. This time they are calling your name. How do you react?
F;You make your way into the forest. you have walked for hours and the music is as distant as it ever was. The sun has begun to set and the forest is dense with very little light. you feel comfort for your surroundings seen all too familiar. What's your next step?
H;The forest is now complete dark. You have lost all sense of direction. you feel the path with your feet and you notice you have reached a drop off. you do not know how far down the drop will be or where it will led you. Would you?
I;The sun begns to rise after several hours. You stand and look for the dropoff to realize there isnt one. The path is gone, the music has ceased and the forest is nowhere in sight. You hear the whispers from earlier. Something seems soothing about them. What do you do?
J;Through it is dark, to dark to see you fearlessly cast yourself into the void below. To your amazement you find yourself suspended in animation floating amidst the stars. There is no up and no down. Earth is no where in sight. You have never seen or ven imagined such beauty. You hear an unfamiliar voice but you cant quite make out what its saying. Behind you can be heard the whispers you heard from within the room, pleading with you "come back..." Do you?
K;You call out to the black mass. Your voice reverberates throughout the cosmos. As you drift closer, the darkness consumes everything around you. Until at last you can see nothing. You are overcome with an overwhelming melancholy. You remember your friends, your family, everyone you have ever met. you remember the culmination of everything that defines you. And then a voice..."please do not be sad, there is no reason for it. You have lived your life with complete freedom and complete responsibility.  Everyone decides their own course which ultimately ends in the inescapability of death; but do not fear, your course has come to an end for you are already dead.